Request to open an issue before making a PR with AI generated code (#2769)
osm-fr/osmose-backend: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/PR.md

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you

> wish to make via an issue on github if you want to change the core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wish to make via an issue on GitHub if you want to change the core.
```

> Feel free to make direct pull request for fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to submit pull requests directly for fixes.
```
